all of you I invite you to the world
yoga day it's also known as idy
International Day of yoga you know the
benefits of yoga yoga is a message for
all for the children for the Youth for
the elderly for
everybody
and yoga not as me ASAS but a science of
holistic living a way of life in which
you will be happy all the time and
Blissful with higher efficiency with
greater development of The Head and the
Heart and the
hands D Yoga Yoga K yoga all four
streams of yoga help us to have a
complete personality development and
yoga therapy can be wonderful in dealing
with modern ncties non-communicable
diseases particularly Asma diabetes
hypertension heart problem epilepsy
migraine irritable B syndrome even
cancer and such things can be handled
very effectively using the yoga and I
invite you all to this wonderful
International Day of yoga on June 21st
in chandigar in India and all over the
world is being celebrated by large
number of countries this time we want to
reach every country in the world thank
you